General updates 2024 (#166)
GRESB/api-docs: source/includes/_assets.md

if there are no validation errors. In all cases, you get a response with all
the asset fields and any validation errors/warnings.

> In the example shown on the right, we attempt to increase `asset_size` from *5000* to *6000*; however requested update does not get recorded due to new value having introduced validation errors. Make note of the HTTP status informing user of the unprocessed content when there is uncertainty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example shown on the right, we attempt to increase `asset_size` from *5000* to *6000*; however, the requested update does not get recorded due to the new value having introduced validation errors. Make note of the HTTP status informing the user of the unprocessed content when there is such a case.
```

            "whole_building": true,
            "asset_vacancy":50,
            "_validations": {
                "errors": {
                    "ghg_tot_s3_w": [
                        "Must be less than or equal to asset_size",
                        "Must be equal to asset_size if the whole building is tenant controlled"
                    ],
                    "en_tot_wf": [
                        "Must be less than or equal to asset_size"
                    ],
                    "wat_tot_w": [

>                         "must be equal to asset_size"

Reviewer: is this error message without capital?

                    ]
                }
            }
        },
        {
            "year": {reporting_year - 2},
            "asset_size": 6000,
            "asset_name": "API Created Asset",
            "en_tot_wd": 4000,
            "en_tot_we": 900,
            "en_tot_wf": 100,
            "ghg_tot_s3_w": 5000,
            "ncmr_status": "Standing Investment",
            "owned_entire_period": true,

>             "property_type_code": "HTL",

Reviewer: noice, eagle eye 🎯 making it consistent with last year annual data
